Update 2022_01_03.md (#47)
oxidecomputer/twitter-spaces: 2022_01_03.md

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<a href="https://twitter.com/tomk_">@tomk_</a><br>
<a href="https://youtu.be/uZylf2gbg_E?t=4605">1:16:45</a>
</td>
<td>
 At least one of the hyperscalers will become startlingly good at partnering.
</td>
<td>
Stablecoins will become regulated.
</td>
<td>

> The biggest datacenter server provider (outside the hyperscalers) will be a company that doesn't exist yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The biggest datacenter server provider (outside the hyperscalers) will be a company that hasn't yet shipped its first server.
```
```suggestion
The biggest datacenter server provider (outside the hyperscalers) will be a company that doesn't exist yet.
```
